- [Instructor] For this video open IntelliJ
and we'll be using the source code from the previous video
located in our home directories,
@tilda/SpringBootProduction.
This tutorial will map to our lab exercise files
of zero five_zero three begin and end,
if you need to review the state of your code.
So leaving off from the last video,
we will go back to the terminal in IntelliJ
and we're going to type git checkout
- b azure_war from azure_jar.
This will create a new branch
from the azure jar called azure war
and it will check it out for us.
Next we're going to open
the build.gradle
we'll scroll to the top and just underneath the id,
'java' we'll type id 'war.'
Underneath the { here
we'll hit enter a couple of times
and we'll type bootWar {
then the archiveFileName,
this will be 'SpringBootProadApplication.war'
we'll save that.
We'll scroll down to our dependency section
and we're going to add a dependency providedRuntime.
And I'm going to copy the majority of this for time sake,
'org.springframeworkboot:springframeworkboot.starter
and then we'll finish this with tomcat.
And finally, the last thing we need to do here
is locate our Azure Web App in fig section.
And we're going to change the Azure resource group.
We'll call this -war.
We'll call the app -war,
as you can see I'm inserting war inside up here.
And we're going to change the web container from Java SE
we're going to change it instead to Tomcat eight.five.
Next we'll go to our application.properties
we'll type
server.servlet.contextPath=/SpringBootProdApplication.
This will match
our archive file name, of course minus the .war.
And the final change we'll make
is to our SpringBootProdApplication class,
in here we're going to say
extends SpringBootServletInitializers.
Underneath the public static void main method
hit enter a couple of times we'll type override
this will be a protected method.
Return SpringApplicationBuilder
the method name will be configure
and this will accept a spring application builder
and we'll call the parameter builder.
On the next line we're going to return builder
using the sources, we'll pass in the name of the class
we're in which is,
SpringBootProdApplication.class.
We'll save those changes.
We'll go down to the terminal
we'll type git add.
git commit-m
changes for azure war deployment hit enter
and then git push-U origin azure_war.
Once those changes are pushed to the remote branch
we'll open back up our terminal window
and ensure that you have Vagrant started up
by typing Vagrant app.
And once Vagrant has finished initializing,
you're going to type Vagrant ssh to enter the Linux VM
as you can see here, I've already done this.
Next you need to CD to the azure_deployments
SpringBootProduction directory,
and I'm there right now.
Once you're in this directory type git fetch origin
and then we're going to type git switch azure_war
hit enter.
And finally we'll type git pull origin.
With everything up to date, we'll clear the screen.
And at this point we need to first clean and build
and then later we'll deploy.
Let's clean and build
we'll type .gradle w clean build and hit enter.
When that finishes and there are no errors
then it's time to deploy with the Azure Web App deploy
gradle plugin, we'll type .gradle w azureWebAppDeploy
and hit enter.
Awesome.
Our build has successfully deployed.
And again, if we open the URL, we'll copy this
open a browser and paste.
Initially, it's going to come up to the default
deployment page.
This is because the war file is actually still deploying.
We'll wait a couple of seconds and then we'll refresh
and our web app should show.
And there we go.
Again, it does take a little bit longer
for the deployment of a war file to a Tomcat instance
but as you can see, after pausing a moment
and refreshing the application will load.